com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.internal.BarcodeRegistrar
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraSupportedOutputSizeQuirk
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.Nexus4AndroidLTargetAspectRatioQuirk
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.JpegHalCorruptImageQuirk
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Predicate
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.SmallDisplaySizeQuirk
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.LargeJpegImageQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureSessionStuckQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureFailWithAutoFlashQuirk
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.ShareFileProvider
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraCroppingQuirk
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CamcorderProfileResolutionQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCapturePixelHDRPlusQuirk
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AeFpsRangeLegacyQuirk
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
androidx.annotation.Keep
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.TextureViewIsClosedQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ZslDisablerQuirk
androidx.camera.core.impl.MetadataHolderService
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CrashWhenTakingPhotoWithAutoFlashAEModeQuirk
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitInitProvider
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ConfigureSurfaceToSecondarySessionFailQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.YuvImageOnePixelShiftQuirk
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.mlkit.dynamite.barcode.ModuleDescriptor
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AutoFlashUnderExposedQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.StillCaptureFlashStopRepeatingQuirk
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.CommonComponentRegistrar
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraSupportedSurfaceCombinationsQuirk
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesIncorrectManifestValueException
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.TorchIsClosedAfterImageCapturingQuirk
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitComponentDiscoveryService
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
com.google.mlkit.vision.common.internal.VisionCommonRegistrar
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureWashedOutImageQuirk
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesManifestException
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder
com.example.qr_generator_and_scanner.MainActivity
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.SurfaceOrderQuirk
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.SoftwareJpegEncodingPreferredQuirk
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.PreviewOrientationIncorrectQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.RepeatingStreamConstraintForVideoRecordingQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.InvalidVideoProfilesQuirk
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Function
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.LowMemoryQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.FlashAvailabilityBufferUnderflowQuirk
com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.bundled.internal.ThickBarcodeScannerCreator
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzb
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.OnePixelShiftQuirk
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.PreviewPixelHDRnetQuirk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
com.google.android.gms.common.ErrorDialogFragment
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AspectRatioLegacyApi21Quirk
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.UseTorchAsFlashQuirk
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.IncorrectJpegMetadataQuirk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AfRegionFlipHorizontallyQuirk
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureFlashNotFireQuirk
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureFailedRetryQuirk
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureWithFlashUnderexposureQuirk
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExcludedSupportedSizesQuirk
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$GLTextureConsumer
androidx.camera.camera2.Camera2Config$DefaultProvider
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CameraNoResponseWhenEnablingFlashQuirk
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureRotationOptionQuirk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.FlashTooSlowQuirk
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.SharePlusPendingIntent
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureSessionOnClosedNotCalledQuirk
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code93MinCodeLength
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfs
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: java.lang.String zzh
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState CPU_ACQUIRED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaA
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjm
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag HAS_EXPANDED_STATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzif
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk[] zzdO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu[] zzZ
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhe
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: boolean zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaI
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType FIXED64
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep[] zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface surface
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zza
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType CLIP_RRECT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzf
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaJ
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzep
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState SEARCHING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdb
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType BYTE_STRING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzej zzi
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzl
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType kDirectionalPad
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zza
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority REQUIRED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzby
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzai
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzi: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature DISABLE_ANIMATIONS
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzi
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type VIRTUAL_DISPLAY_PLATFORM_VIEW
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT32
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbh
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code93MinConsistentLines
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType TRANSFORM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf zza
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int CODE_93
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhx zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzda
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjh zza
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize s720p
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbj
com.google.android.gms.common.moduleinstall.ModuleAvailabilityResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif zza
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.MutexImpl: java.lang.Object owner
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: int zze
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener focusChangeListener
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState CONVERGED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: boolean zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlH
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaY
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int upceMinConsistentLines
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zza
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int NIBLACK_W75_K02
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmB
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_SLIDER
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType DOUBLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzf
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType JPEG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType TEXT
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection VECTOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType DOUBLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzek
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbu: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType UNKNOWN
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkX
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: int zzd
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED32_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbx
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SCROLL_RIGHT
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: long value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzc
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: java.lang.Class boxedType
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType CUTOUT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzie
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzao
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeH
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzak
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkA
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzau: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzck
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzg
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness dark
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats CODE_128
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp: int zzd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String TAG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback callback
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzem
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzky
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkz
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType CLICK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzf
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State PENDING_OPEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: int zzh
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmC
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: java.util.Map defaultInstanceMap
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: int zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbW
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState RELEASED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcl
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzco
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType IMAGE_CAPTURE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmM
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.AtomicOp: java.lang.Object _consensus
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcL
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase BOOLEAN
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$PreferenceMap: int PREFERENCES_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzce
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcA
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode transparent
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature ON_OFF_SWITCH_LABELS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzuz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmm
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState LOCKED_FOCUSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaO
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcv
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState RESUMED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaG
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType ENUM_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzio
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaK
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean initCalled
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke GET_PARSER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziY
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType STRING
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState INACTIVE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzda
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw[] zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzQ
com.google.android.gms.common.moduleinstall.ModuleInstallStatusUpdate: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzeb zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjv zzv
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkU
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType[] VALUES
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder ASCENDING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzw
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type OPENING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzS
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType BYTE_STRING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgK
androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError: androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhf
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.widget.FrameLayout container
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaa
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: int zzd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzg
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action COPY
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier UNRECOGNIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzij
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization WORDS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbY
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfi
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: int zzZ
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List mutators
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzah: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbm
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: float zzh
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler platformMessageHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhx: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhD
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype EVDO_B
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzY
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons COROUTINE_SUSPENDED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcX
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation PORTRAIT_UP
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean VERBOSE_LOGS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzej
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziS
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: long mValue
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz zzw
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result UNKNOWN
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type OPEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzff
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgm
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.AbstractMessageLite: int memoizedHashCode
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbt
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzev
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziC
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag SCOPES_ROUTE
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zzb
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzf zzj
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec$zzd listeners
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbo
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayHeight
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats EAN_13
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcD
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED32_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcD
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: int value
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection LTR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: int zzd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzap: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaH
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action DID_GAIN_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: int zzdj
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: java.lang.reflect.Type[] EMPTY_TYPES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp[] zzj
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code39MinCodeLength
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag NAMES_ROUTE
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: int zze
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed NO_DUPLICATES
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState CLOSING
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT32
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzl
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: android.util.SparseArray valueMap
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase FLOAT
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState[] $VALUES
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long completedExpandBuffersAndPauseFlag
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziL
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: java.lang.String zzg
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats DATA_MATRIX
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides NONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzI
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType INT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi[] zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzj
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean prefetchDefaultFontManagerCalled
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzf
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode MANUAL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzad
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzB
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastQueueTime
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbe
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType METERING_REPEATING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: int zzg
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object receiveSegment
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: java.lang.Object defaultDefault
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature REDUCE_MOTION
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError: androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError SESSION_ERROR_UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzm
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag HAS_ENABLED_STATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcC
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int INTEGER_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzva: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgl
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int DOUBLE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzg
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzax
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka: int zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: boolean ignoringFence
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzve: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbK
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats ALL_FORMATS
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzil: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcR
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType ANDROID_FIREBASE
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackClassName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzce
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcG
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode LOG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzex
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode STRICT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgh
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzuy: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaD
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED64_LIST_PACKED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzp
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter waiters
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbz
androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError: androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError SESSION_ERROR_SURFACE_NEEDS_RESET
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode EDGE_TO_EDGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlr
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbP
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long receivers
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int STRING_FIELD_NUMBER
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.util.ArrayDeque imageReaderQueue
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzal
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_MULTILINE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzad
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzo
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode HYBRID_ONLY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzr
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean released
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcY
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_CHECK_STATE_MIXED
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_WRONG_NESTED_HIERARCHY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzly
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbt
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcm
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjI
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType AGGREGATION_COUNT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzba
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzje
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz zza
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType DATETIME
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: java.lang.String name
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac: int zzd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzge
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbo
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory NOTIFICATIONS
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdK
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype CDMA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzk
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode AUTO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzef
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfM
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LimitedDispatcher: int runningWorkers
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType ENCODE_FAILED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae: int zzf
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: int zzn
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action FOCUS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeV
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State RELEASED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfJ
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastScheduleTime
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState CONFIGURED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdc
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED64
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: android.util.SparseArray valueMap
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean loadLibraryCalled
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeN
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType UNKNOWN
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean needsSave
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbB
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: float zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status[] $VALUES
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT64_LIST
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType javaType
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzco
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbj
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaq
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority[] $VALUES
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzj
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType GROUP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzE
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult REREGISTER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbZ
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type kDown
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzed: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzt
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzf: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzf zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzj
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature INVERT_COLORS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzej zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzas
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats CODE_39
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow DROP_LATEST
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjO
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzat
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzx
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType OPACITY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: byte zzn
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzn
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzs
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbc
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority HIGHEST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbN
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int EAN_8
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff zza
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.MethodInvocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: int zzh
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState[] $VALUES
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int FLOAT_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzav
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzan
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbx
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgY
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType SINT32
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci zza
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzj
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa zza
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzek zzd
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.common.moduleinstall.ModuleInstallResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzko
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzao: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State CLOSING
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzeb zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzG
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: java.lang.Class type
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcx
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier UNMETERED_OR_DAILY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaI
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection MAP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfP
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac: byte zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmq
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType PREVIEW
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType ETHERNET
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaa
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzJ
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.os.Looper mainLooper
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype HSPAP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: int zzmR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzm: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int CODE_39
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _removedRef
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype COMBINED
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag HAS_IMPLICIT_SCROLLING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzil: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzil zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfu
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: byte zzm
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzce
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzs
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdr
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzh
androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State: androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State INACTIVE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzak
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka: int zzd
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzck
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType DECODE_FAILED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbQ
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzj
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier UNMETERED_ONLY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzen
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: float zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjv
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeR
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action CUT
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State OPEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzL
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: boolean code39UseExtendedMode
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: boolean zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaZ
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: java.lang.String zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzby
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziu
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: int intValue
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype GPRS
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType EMAIL_ADDRESS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzi
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgu
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State CLOSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx zza
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode surface
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaa
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjh: int zzd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType FOLD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzde
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzay
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState QUEUING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaT
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType DOUBLE_LIST
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl: int zzd
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int UPC_E
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: int zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdX
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type kUp
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: int _isCompleting
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType MAP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzam
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: int intValue
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzay
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.SemaphoreImpl: long deqIdx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: int zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeK
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$StringSet: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$StringSet DEFAULT_INSTANCE
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzip
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zai: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbx
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State CLOSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcT
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState PARKING
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzd
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType STRING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaw
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType DUMMY
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int codabarMinCodeLength
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzU
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType[] $VALUES
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection SCALAR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzg
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature BOLD_TEXT
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization CHARACTERS
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbU
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix finalMatrix
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.util.HashMap perImageReaders
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides[] $VALUES
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int EAN_13
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: java.lang.Class zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzo
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzii
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State OPENED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq[] zzk
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzW
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType WIMAX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaV
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: int encodedValue
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType VISIBLE_PASSWORD
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype IWLAN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzk
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: int viewId
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: int zzd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode IMMERSIVE_STICKY
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate accessibilityEventsDelegate
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw zzg
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: byte zzm
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type CLOSING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: boolean zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzux: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets lastWindowInsets
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzs: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: int value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType FLOAT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzn
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT64_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhE
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SCROLL_UP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvh: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah[] zzd
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT64
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState OPENING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzic
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzw
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase INTEGER
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type NO_TARGET
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzld
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdj
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: boolean zzw
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State UNINITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzu
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.SemaphoreImpl: java.lang.Object tail
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzc
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState INACTIVE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae: int zzd
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdh
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmI
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState REOPENING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzd
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType FLOAT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzB
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzr: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature[] $VALUES
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event$Companion Companion
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness DARK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp zzp
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjY
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdg
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State CONFIGURED
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.mlkit.dynamite.barcode.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FLOAT
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzil: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: boolean zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options: int zzd
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType INT64
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbQ
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype HSDPA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcM
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_LIVE_REGION
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj: byte zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcr
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag DEVICE_IDLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbD
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzt: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize NOT_SUPPORT
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int id
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhV
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State REMOVED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlc
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin localizationPlugin
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType BYTES
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int ean13UpcaMinConsistentLines
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgX
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhO
kotlinx.coroutines.CancelledContinuation: int _resumed
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int CODE_128
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzca
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzk
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState BLOCKING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: byte zzi
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: int value
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact REMOVING
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState PASSIVE_FOCUSED
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag PENALTY_DEATH
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority OPTIONAL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgF
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State[] $VALUES
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType METHODS
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzu: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: java.lang.Class zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcF
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set engineLifecycleListeners
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type FRAMEWORK_CLIENT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzee
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType BYTES_LIST
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode UNKNOWN
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype HSPA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlZ
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdB
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection collection
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzay: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbY
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzao
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziE
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState[] $VALUES
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int LOCAL_BLOCK
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT32_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzch
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zza
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_FRAGMENT_REUSE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbE
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzw
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier FAST_IF_RADIO_AWAKE
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType INT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbt
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlN
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType STRING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzm: int zzd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzW
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState RELEASING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzik
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzed: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzgz zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzah
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdH
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState METERING
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgy
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState IDLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzap
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay BOTTOM_OVERLAYS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzF
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness light
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbw
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbf
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzD
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode ON_CONTINUOUS_AUTO
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int NIBLACK_W32_K00
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase DOUBLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaf
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int barcodeFormats
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize VGA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjN
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT64
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier DEFAULT
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState READY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: int zzh
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: byte zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzT
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_SELECTED
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats CODE_93
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState RUNNING
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType PROXY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjh: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdO
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action MOVE_CURSOR_FORWARD_BY_WORD
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State GONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhx: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzf
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode opaque
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int PDF417
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_READ_ONLY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbN
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode OFF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbS
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType BOOL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh zza
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats QR_CODE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhB
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType FLOAT
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbF
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_HIPRI
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzed
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState DORMANT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzci
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization NONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcj
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides RIGHT
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase VALUE_NOT_SET
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae zza
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzT
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT64_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: byte zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcu
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode TEXTURE_WITH_HYBRID_FALLBACK
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int requestedHeight
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac: double zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzj
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbq
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype EDGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzo
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT64_LIST_PACKED
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory DOCUMENTS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzat
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzO
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzV
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: android.util.SparseArray valueMap
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState ON_CAPTURE_SESSION_STARTED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdg
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzv
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType ENUM
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize s1440p
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State RELEASING
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType BOOL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhx
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState[] $VALUES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_FOCUSABLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjh zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfF
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType IMAGE_ANALYSIS
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType NONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzae
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzu
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State RESUMED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzez
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziQ
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State STARTED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzU
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority DEFAULT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzea
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcr
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status FATAL_ERROR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae: byte zzg
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType VPN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit: boolean zze
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzd
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_IMS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkF
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: int id
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: boolean zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzft
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaR
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: long nativeContext
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: boolean zzj
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int NIBLACK_W64_K02
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zzc
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT32_LIST_PACKED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: int zzd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation LANDSCAPE_RIGHT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaA
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType HEAVY_IMPACT
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed NORMAL
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult ALREADY_SELECTED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float refreshRateFPS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcK
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzau
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzas
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzha
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkq
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness LIGHT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbs
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] $VALUES
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkg
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: java.lang.Object defaultDefault
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType UNKNOWN
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED32_LIST
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl: java.lang.String zze
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED32_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzil
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzak
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean CLEANUP_ON_MEMORY_PRESSURE
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType[] $VALUES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map embeddedViewToDisplayBounds
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode image
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int ONED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzej zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaw: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlQ
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowSlot: java.lang.Object _state
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType EXTRA_DESCRIPTORS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcg
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzf
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection RTL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziq
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT64_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcF
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbM
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType SFIXED32
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType UINT64
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzO
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState SCANNING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzm zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab zze
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$StringSet: int STRINGS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbD
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats UNKNOWN
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart DEFAULT
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzb
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_IMAGE
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype EVDO_0
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType kGamepad
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcn
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$AccessibilityDelegatingFrameLayout rootView
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcS
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_HIDDEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbN
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: long id
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean newFrameAvailable
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean ignoringFence
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats AZTEC
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_OBSCURED
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkN
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: byte zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzZ
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status OK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkK
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzds
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzao
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaW
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result SUCCESS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzin
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.enums.EnumEntries $ENTRIES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzR
kotlinx.coroutines.InvokeOnCancelling: int _invoked
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgA
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate asyncWaitForVsyncDelegate
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaS
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState FIRED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int requestedWidth
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: int zzd
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory DCIM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii[] zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: int zzd
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState ON_CAPTURE_SESSION_ENDED
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action MOVE_CURSOR_BACKWARD_BY_WORD
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: float zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeL
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: long value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzel
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState SHUTDOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_FOTA
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: float zzk
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackRecordState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbI
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: int _decisionAndIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: boolean zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation PORTRAIT_DOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdF
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: java.lang.String zzi
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzki
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjB
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions onedRecognitionOptions
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzd
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons RESUMED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzau
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzb
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_HEADER
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean useQrMobilenetV3
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority VERY_LOW
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State RELEASING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzp: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdM
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType PHONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzar
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv[] zzdi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzis
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfl
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype EHRPD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: java.lang.String zzj
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: int value
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: int mId
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbw
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int itfMinCodeLength
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType javaType
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdM
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae zza
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzav
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart UNDISPATCHED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzan
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType LOCALE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzax
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzV
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType ENUM_LIST
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder DESCENDING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzH
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: boolean code39UseCheckDigit
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzme
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbp
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaQ
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int UPC_A
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzei zzf
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean createNewReader
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: int nextFlutterId
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzX
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag[] $VALUES
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState state
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long id
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgZ
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_EMERGENCY
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_LINK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaC
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode[] $VALUES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SHOW_ON_SCREEN
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType MULTILINE
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: boolean startFocused
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfC
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj zzn
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzo
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzci
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbW
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType MESSAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhd
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type PHYSICAL_DISPLAY_PLATFORM_VIEW
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype LTE_CA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzba: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjv zza
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype UMTS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzL
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState INITIALIZING_ERROR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi zzc
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState POSTURE_FLAT
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlh
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean outputUnrecognizedBarcodes
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaF
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziG
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$PreferenceMap: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$PreferenceMap DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfH
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzU
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature ACCESSIBLE_NAVIGATION
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzag
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzwc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbI
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdU
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType GROUP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: boolean zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzir
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_SET_USER_VISIBLE_HINT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhU
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_IA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzN
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfo
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int MAX_IMAGES
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int itfMinConsistentLines
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcT
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$PreferenceMap: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdD
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code128MinConsistentLines
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab zza
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long sendersAndCloseStatus
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long bufferEnd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzes
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkH
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType CLIP_PATH
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$PreferenceMap: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.MapFieldLite preferences_
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfB
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState QUEUED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: byte zzh
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbz
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type kRepeat
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio zze
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzm
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzav
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayWidth
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkC
kotlinx.coroutines.UndispatchedCoroutine: boolean threadLocalIsSet
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjb
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType STANDARD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcH
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType VIDEO_CAPTURE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeQ
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory PICTURES
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzml
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcQ
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.TelemetryData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjF
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype HSUPA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzan: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzi
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzy
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: java.lang.String zzg
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaq
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController platformViewsController
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzy: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzQ
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_KEYBOARD_KEY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcY
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: int value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdo
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority ALWAYS_OVERRIDE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzer
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowImpl: java.lang.Object _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzja
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzde
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzae: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$InsetsListener insetsListener
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzla
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: int zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzln
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzar
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaX
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: int encodedValue
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult CANCELLED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: java.lang.String zzf
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats UPC_E
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh[] zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzE
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType kJoystick
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: int zzr
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac zzo
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzka
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzga
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: int zzd
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType ENUM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzt
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int BOOLEAN_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_CBS
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType DOUBLE
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzr
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdl
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType DOUBLE
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: int memoizedSerializedSize
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int STRING_SET_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcR
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object closeHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzli
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcV
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype EVDO_A
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzho
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec$zzj waiters
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState PASSIVE_NOT_FOCUSED
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action DISMISS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzo
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzM
kotlinx.coroutines.DispatchedCoroutine: int _decision
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.Segment: int cleanedAndPointers
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzil: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgE
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType kKeyboard
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaB
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType CLIP_RECT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbV
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax PROTO3
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzc
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType NONE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf zzq
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType MEDIUM_IMPACT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvi: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: int zze
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType kHdmi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdv
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzo
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaj
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState TERMINATED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzku
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType ENUM
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_DUN
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType UINT32
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbX
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzei zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState HIDDEN
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean attached
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio[] zzg
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean released
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcW
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfe
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlD
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State CREATED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzda
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah zzc
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState UNINITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzF
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: double zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzay
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzd
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult SUCCESSFUL
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjv: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj[] zzY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzah
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State DESTROYED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzka zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcI
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action MOVE_CURSOR_FORWARD_BY_CHARACTER
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize RECORD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzca
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlA
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag HAS_TOGGLED_STATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: byte zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation LANDSCAPE_LEFT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: boolean zzf
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.Long nativeShellHolderId
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlK
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.mlkit.dynamite.barcode.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType WIFI_P2P
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzax
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzll
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmw
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState SESSION_INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec$zzj: java.lang.Thread thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzim
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats CODABAR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzai
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature HIGH_CONTRAST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd: byte zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock shellHolderLock
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _rootCause
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzq
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize MAXIMUM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: int zze
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzew
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzam
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType NAME
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory DOWNLOADS
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate accessibilityDelegate
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: int zzd
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: int value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzal
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed UNRESTRICTED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaY
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numTrims
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization SENTENCES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: int zze
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State OPENING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaV
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: int value
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.SemaphoreImpl: java.lang.Object head
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType FIXED32
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED32
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int TEZ_CODE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzap
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzW
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode texture
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState UNINITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzvb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzar: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzX
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke NEW_MUTABLE_INSTANCE
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzms
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzg
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map originToFlutterId
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaT
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_TARGET_FRAGMENT_USAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhx zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType SINT64
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcX
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int QR_CODE
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode LEAN_BACK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int LONG_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv[] zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzk
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzap
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam: java.lang.String zze
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac: double zzf
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec: java.lang.Object value
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzv
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp zza
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides BOTH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzig
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzax: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh[] zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: long zzf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaj: java.lang.String zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set flutterUiDisplayListeners
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat[] $VALUES
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcn
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState OPENED
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean enableQrAlignmentGrid
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzia
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzP
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _exceptionsHolder
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzle
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType MESSAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcy
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype IDEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: int zzh
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle lifecycle
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkI
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory MOVIES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action DID_LOSE_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUS
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState DE_INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcC
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SET_TEXT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbn
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory RINGTONES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzck
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzae
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv zzg
androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State: androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State ACTIVE
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int AZTEC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci: java.lang.String zzf
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzf
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType BOOLEAN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzch
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzq
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerDispatcherKt: android.view.Choreographer choreographer
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View rootAccessibilityView
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzag
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status TRANSIENT_ERROR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff[] zzd
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzei
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzau
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzb
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_TOGGLED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzca
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzec
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: boolean zzo
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaP
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection PACKED_VECTOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: int zze
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int ITF
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzaa: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkP
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow SUSPEND
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzC
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode TEXTURE_WITH_VIRTUAL_FALLBACK
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzh
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason ERROR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzn
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_BUTTON
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjU
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT32_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzae
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType MESSAGE
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState FLASH_REQUIRED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs[] zzmQ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType DOUBLE_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzej zzl
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzh
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int codabarMinConsistentLines
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzar
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcZ
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action CUSTOM_ACTION
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState POSTURE_HALF_OPENED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhQ
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase LONG
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: byte zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzck: int zzb
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbU
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory ROOT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdS
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat PLAIN_TEXT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdp
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_IN_MUTUALLY_EXCLUSIVE_GROUP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd zza
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfm
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgk
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State OPENING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzp
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action DECREASE
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: int zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int bitField0_
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcT
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_SUPL
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_TEXT_FIELD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: boolean zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcu
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzid
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhG
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzal
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzad
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State VISIBLE
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory PODCASTS
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzht
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState[] $VALUES
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode[] $VALUES
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState INITIALIZING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzB
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke GET_MEMOIZED_IS_INITIALIZED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzL
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImage lastDequeuedImage
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz[] zzb
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbe
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzls
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfn
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Listener listeners
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzp
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode opaque
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzr
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zaa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$StringSet: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzba
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: java.lang.Object zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzA
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziB
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int DATA_MATRIX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzds
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjf zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzd
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats PDF417
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv: java.lang.String zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object sendSegment
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaD
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean animating
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcN
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType UINT32_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzam
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbu
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State RELEASED
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType DEX_FILES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SET_SELECTION
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT64
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: java.lang.String zzf
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory MUSIC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmJ
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType LIGHT_IMPACT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zzb
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaK
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype TD_SCDMA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgc
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: java.lang.Class elementType
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType MESSAGE_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcm
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int CODABAR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdo
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String vmServiceUri
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzeb zza
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_FOCUSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzag
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzI
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType BOOL_LIST_PACKED
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzke
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState PAUSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzz
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.SemaphoreImpl: long enqIdx
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode QUIET
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: int zzi
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.util.SparseArray flutterIdToOrigin
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcc
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType WIFI
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbh
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED64_LIST_PACKED
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType STRING_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcg
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: int value
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzks
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzai
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List finalClippingPaths
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzb
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackLibraryPath
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfV
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState[] $VALUES
kotlinx.coroutines.sync.SemaphoreImpl: int _availablePermits
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkV
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState LOCKED
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState INACTIVE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzei zzf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: int zzm
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzit zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzct
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzJ
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int NIBLACK_W16_K00
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType VOID
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag NETWORK_UNMETERED
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier NEVER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlM
com.google.android.gms.common.moduleinstall.internal.ApiFeatureRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: boolean released
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec$zzj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzec$zzj next
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzah
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType[] $VALUES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection UNKNOWN
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType HINGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlb
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED64_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzdc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziA
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind background
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result ERROR_CONVERSION
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: java.lang.String zzg
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT64_LIST_PACKED
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ResizableAtomicArray: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray array
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn zza
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FLOAT_LIST_PACKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: int zzf
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType BOOL_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdt zza
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.content.Context outerContext
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzed: java.util.Map zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjQ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke NEW_BUILDER
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype UNKNOWN_MOBILE_SUBTYPE
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcv
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzc: int zzd
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory ALARMS
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzib
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzic: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkT
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action PASTE
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType LONG
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaQ
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzl zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfj
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType SELECTION_CLICK
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State INITIALIZED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode IMMERSIVE
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackName
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zzk
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: android.media.Image image
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmH
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader lastReaderDequeuedFrom
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcP
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides LEFT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: java.lang.Class zzad
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdb zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgi
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState NONE
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: java.lang.Runnable onFrameConsumed
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzt
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState CONVERGED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzD
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$StringSet: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Internal$ProtobufList strings_
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjg
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State GET_SURFACE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzx
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SFIXED64_LIST
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: int zzd
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code128MinCodeLength
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzix
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType GROUP_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaS
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int deferredInsetTypes
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj zze
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT32_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeC
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag: int zzd
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao zza
com.google.android.gms.common.moduleinstall.ModuleInstallIntentResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc zzn
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action LONG_PRESS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkc
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation[] $VALUES
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_RETAIN_INSTANCE_USAGE
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options: com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi zze
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzci
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: java.lang.String zzi
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter next
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaT
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType ALERT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjd
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState LOCKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfI
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int binarizerOptions
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgs
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode transparent
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzB
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase STRING
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.lang.Object lock
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: java.lang.String zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzby
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats UPC_A
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbT
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: int index
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzW
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzw
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats ITF
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType MESSAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzih
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType BYTES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmk
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int UNRECOGNIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhb
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type CLOSED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzZ
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType MOBILE_MMS
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzae: int zze
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType POSTAL_ADDRESS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzas: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object _closeCause
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzji
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart ATOMIC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzH
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte[] zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdA
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode ON_MANUAL_AUTO
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: int zzd
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: java.lang.Object value
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action MOVE_CURSOR_BACKWARD_BY_CHARACTER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziI
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED32
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhC
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType BOOLEAN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlE
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean enableUseKeypointAsFinderPattern
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlf
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType YUV
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback animationCallback
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View view
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzco
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu[] zzaa
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_CHECKED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcc
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState INACTIVE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zziw: java.lang.String zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzde
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zze
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_WRONG_FRAGMENT_CONTAINER
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeI
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: java.lang.String encodedName
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact NONE
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag DEVICE_CHARGING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzv
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats EAN_8
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zze
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int ean8MinConsistentLines
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdW
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzam: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhv: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzv zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgJ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType INT32_LIST_PACKED
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FLOAT_LIST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht: int zze
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult[] $VALUES
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SCROLL_DOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzac
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State INVISIBLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjn: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlm
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax PROTO2
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp zza
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_ENABLED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzet
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: java.lang.Object value_
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzei zzk
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype RTT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzG
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType URL
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType INT32
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType ENUM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzan
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcb zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzma
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzeg zzmP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: java.lang.String zzh
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: boolean primitiveScalar
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType CLASSES
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: int wireType
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbh
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase STRING_SET
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkn
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object bufferEndSegment
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke GET_DEFAULT_INSTANCE
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type PENDING_OPEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcW
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype GSM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzat
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjp zzf
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayDensity
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjr: long zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzD
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastDequeueTime
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzQ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType SFIXED64
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjJ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke SET_MEMOIZED_IS_INITIALIZED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzcd: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdb
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: java.lang.String encodedName
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzct
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbw
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType BLUETOOTH
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzht zzm
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType STRING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjv: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzE
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action INCREASE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbe
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact ADDING
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart LAZY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbp
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke BUILD_MESSAGE_INFO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjx: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzit
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte zzm
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType LONG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzp: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: int zzdP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zze
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhz: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjf
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh zza
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzf
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzi
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow DROP_OLDEST
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzdw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzch
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfv
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int code39MinConsistentLines
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq zzb
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType RAW
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzc: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao zzm
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzel zze
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzac zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzeO
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType SINT32
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzbR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzif: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbm
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize ULTRA_MAXIMUM
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action TAP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzba
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: long NULL_NATIVE_CONTEXT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzab: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkj
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: boolean mHoldsCameraSlot
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: java.lang.Object zzn
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag IS_EXPANDED
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType FIXED64
androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State: androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmo
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfW
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype LTE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfD
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzt: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.zzn: float zzi
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag PENALTY_LOG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmy
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind overlay
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action SCROLL_LEFT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzlw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzkr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzij zza
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag zza
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag DETECT_FRAGMENT_TAG_USAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zziv
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState DETACHED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzdb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzmh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzey
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager deferredComponentManager
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzaj: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcb
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value: int valueCase_
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbT
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState PENDING_OPEN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho[] zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzgj
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzao: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfa
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: boolean isList
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbJ
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.UnknownFieldSetLite unknownFields
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean trimOnMemoryPressure
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzaz
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay TOP_OVERLAYS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzy zzl
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState UNKNOWN
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu zzs
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder$ReflectionAccessors reflectionAccessors
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag HAS_CHECKED_STATE
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons UNDECIDED
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzhi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj zzM
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize PREVIEW
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState LOCKED_NOT_FOCUSED
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzp: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzct
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzag: byte zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType STREAM_SHARING
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw zzl
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzr zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzju
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcB
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzaW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzcQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaH
com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.zzn: boolean zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzkd zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv zzc
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType PRIV
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzcU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjt
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType SPELLOUT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzcE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzjz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzjc: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzbc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzfx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzbE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzci: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk zzaA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv zzas
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs zzY
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzb: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: void pushImage(android.media.Image)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void releaseInternal()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode39UseCheckDigit(boolean)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$402(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzah[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse recognize(int,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AfRegionFlipHorizontallyQuirk: AfRegionFlipHorizontallyQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void scheduleFrame()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupAlertBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$302(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void addRearDisplayPresentationStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader getActiveReader()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setBinarizerOptions(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI nativeSpawn(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBubbleMetadata(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader access$700(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api26Impl: android.hardware.camera2.params.OutputConfiguration newOutputConfiguration(android.util.Size,java.lang.Class)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness[] values()
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.SurfaceOrderQuirk: SurfaceOrderQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsVariationSelector(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitComponentDiscoveryService: MlKitComponentDiscoveryService()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateRefreshRate()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type: androidx.camera.core.CameraState$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener getInsetsListener()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode128MinCodeLength(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: void setLocales(android.content.res.Configuration,androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.CommonComponentRegistrar: CommonComponentRegistrar()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService: JobInfoSchedulerService()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView getCurrentImageSurface()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,long)
com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.BarcodeScanner: void close()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onVsync(long,long,long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setAllowDataType(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzs[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String getVMServiceUri()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: int getEditChoicesBeforeSending(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void init(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityFeatures(int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: long createNativeWithClientOptions(byte[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzb: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeCleanupMessageData(long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader()
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.camera.camera2.Camera2Config$DefaultProvider: androidx.camera.core.CameraXConfig getCameraXConfig()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSound(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.net.Uri,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void finalize()
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat: void setExtensionCallback(androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.PreviewPixelHDRnetQuirk: PreviewPixelHDRnetQuirk()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setOnedRecognitionOptions(com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: RecognitionOptions()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: long createNative()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void addChildrenToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
com.google.android.gms.common.ErrorDialogFragment: ErrorDialogFragment()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureRunningOnMainThread()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode39MinConsistentLines()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureWashedOutImageQuirk: ImageCaptureWashedOutImageQuirk()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void endRearDisplayPresentationSession()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void destroyOverlaySurfaces()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setUseQrMobilenetV3(boolean)
com.google.mlkit.vision.common.internal.MobileVisionBase: void close()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int getBarcodeFormats()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger getBinaryMessenger()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.List getBoundingRects(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry$-CC: void $default$setOnTrimMemoryListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnTrimMemoryListener)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setSemanticAction(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSmallIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable loadDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformViewsController(io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void asyncWaitForVsync(long)
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void setSize(int,int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$500(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.TorchIsClosedAfterImageCapturingQuirk: TorchIsClosedAfterImageCapturingQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String[] computePlatformResolvedLocale(java.lang.String[])
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExcludedSupportedSizesQuirk: ExcludedSupportedSizesQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceDestroyed(long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceCreated(long,android.view.Surface)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(long,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setShortcutId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setVisibility(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceChanged(long,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onPreEngineRestart()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse recognize(int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setItfMinConsistentLines(int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: androidx.fragment.app.Fragment getFragment()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateRefreshRate(float)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements: android.content.Context getPresentationContext()
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Api24Impl: boolean areNotificationsEnabled(android.app.NotificationManager)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void scheduleFrame()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
kotlin.collections.AbstractList: AbstractList()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: android.os.Bundle getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api24Impl: void onCaptureBufferLost(android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession$CaptureCallback,android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession,android.hardware.camera2.CaptureRequest,android.view.Surface,long)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver: ProfileInstallReceiver()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap decodeImage(java.nio.ByteBuffer,long)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState[] values()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView getView()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsRegionalIndicator(int)
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomBigContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: long id()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateDisplayMetrics(int,float,float,float)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointRegionalIndicator(int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode39UseExtendedMode(boolean)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setLayoutParams(android.widget.FrameLayout$LayoutParams)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureSessionStuckQuirk: CaptureSessionStuckQuirk()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.params.DynamicRangeConversions: androidx.camera.core.DynamicRange profileToDynamicRange(long)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCameraRepository$LifecycleCameraRepositoryObserver: void onDestroy(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzio[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(int)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureSessionOnClosedNotCalledQuirk: CaptureSessionOnClosedNotCalledQuirk()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureNotAttachedToNative()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State: androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void setOnFrameConsumedListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnFrameConsumedListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode93MinCodeLength()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer: ProfileInstallerInitializer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCameraRepository$LifecycleCameraRepositoryObserver: void onStop(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCamera: void onStop(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void startRearDisplaySession(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions getOnedRecognitionOptions()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getFinalClippingPaths()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setEan13UpcaMinConsistentLines(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numImages()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: void registerWith(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifierBase(int)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements: void setPresentationView(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int getId()
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.SharePlusPendingIntent: SharePlusPendingIntent()
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ContextUtil$Api30Impl: java.lang.String getAttributionTag(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeScheduleFrame(long)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: byte[] recognizeStridedBufferNative(long,int,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener,boolean)
kotlin.random.Random: Random()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result[] values()
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCodabarMinCodeLength()
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRegisterTexture(long,long,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void waitOnFence(android.media.Image)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.Nexus4AndroidLTargetAspectRatioQuirk: Nexus4AndroidLTargetAspectRatioQuirk()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType[] values()
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void detachFromNativeAndReleaseResources()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRRect(int,int,int,int,float[])
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchX(android.window.BackEvent)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateDisplayMetrics(long)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean getEnableUseKeypointAsFinderPattern()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: boolean shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetAccessibilityFeatures(long,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void maybeWaitOnFence(android.media.Image)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean onAccessibilityHoverEvent(int,android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Predicate: boolean test(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void maybeWaitOnFence(android.media.Image)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzcz[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void remove()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode93MinConsistentLines(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Api24Impl: int getImportance(android.app.NotificationManager)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,int,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.Integer getRecordFlutterId(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: void create(com.google.barhopper.deeplearning.BarhopperV3Options)
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.concurrent.Executor getMainExecutor(android.content.Context)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayOverlaySurface(int,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzte[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: void addDataResultToIntent(androidx.core.app.RemoteInput,android.content.Intent,java.util.Map)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void addRearDisplayStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: android.window.BackEvent createOnBackEvent(float,float,float,int)
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCamera: void onResume(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ExifData$WhiteBalanceMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetSemanticsEnabled(long,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void prefetchDefaultFontManager()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setTimeoutAfter(android.app.Notification$Builder,long)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzb: zzb()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCategory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api26Impl: void onCaptureQueueEmpty(android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession$StateCallback,android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(long,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api24Impl: long totalDuration(android.animation.AnimatorSet)
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setViewportMetrics(float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setUpceMinConsistentLines(int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine getAttachedFlutterEngine()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ConfigureSurfaceToSecondarySessionFailQuirk: ConfigureSurfaceToSecondarySessionFailQuirk()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State: androidx.camera.core.UseCase$State[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: android.view.WindowInsets onProgress(android.view.WindowInsets,java.util.List)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean access$800(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType[] values()
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean getOutputUnrecognizedBarcodes()
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureRotationOptionQuirk: ImageCaptureRotationOptionQuirk()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: int getHeight()
com.example.qr_generator_and_scanner.MainActivity: MainActivity()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadLibrary()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$GLTextureConsumer: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture getSurfaceTexture()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setOnDescendantFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCodabarMinCodeLength(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPointerDataPacket(long,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isAttached()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeNotifyLowMemoryWarning(long)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateJavaAssetManager(long,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void release()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSortKey(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api29Impl: void onCameraAccessPrioritiesChanged(android.hardware.camera2.CameraManager$AvailabilityCallback)
com.google.mlkit.vision.common.internal.VisionCommonRegistrar: VisionCommonRegistrar()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void deferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: void setRenderSurface(android.view.Surface)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: CctBackendFactory()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode128MinConsistentLines()
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.LargeJpegImageQuirk: LargeJpegImageQuirk()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzdu[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzby: zzby()
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.BarcodeFormats valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader getOrCreatePerImageReader(android.media.ImageReader)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI spawn(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: FlutterJNI()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createAdaptiveIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api26Impl: void reverse(android.animation.AnimatorSet)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImage dequeueImage()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeGetIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback access$200(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.StillCaptureFlashStopRepeatingQuirk: StillCaptureFlashStopRepeatingQuirk()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM: SavedStateHandlesVM()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType[] values()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureFailWithAutoFlashQuirk: ImageCaptureFailWithAutoFlashQuirk()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry$-CC: void $default$setOnFrameConsumedListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnFrameConsumedListener)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode39MinCodeLength(int)
androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError: androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float getScaledFontSize(float,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: android.view.DisplayCutout createDisplayCutout(android.graphics.Rect,java.util.List)
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse recognize(int,int,int,byte[],com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode[] values()
com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.bundled.internal.ThickBarcodeScannerCreator: ThickBarcodeScannerCreator()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon toIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,android.content.Context)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void cacheVirtualIdMappings(android.view.View,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmoji(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int access$200(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColorized(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd: zzd()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRect(int,int,int,int)
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numTrims()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getItfMinCodeLength()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numImageReaders()
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil: int nativeShiftPixel(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type[] values()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void setSize(int,int)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: int getRenderTargetWidth()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void cleanup()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: void setOnDescendantFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState detachState()
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: void close()
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo getRootNode(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Rect)
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void markDirty()
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil: int nativeCopyBetweenByteBufferAndBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,int,int,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzeh[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse toProto(byte[])
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: int getBinarizerOptions()
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.ContextUtil$Api30Impl: android.content.Context createAttributionContext(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: androidx.window.extensions.area.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentation getRearDisplayPresentation()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.InvalidVideoProfilesQuirk: InvalidVideoProfilesQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action build(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: void release()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onRenderingStopped()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$400(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: androidx.camera.core.impl.utils.executor.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void startRearDisplayPresentationSession(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadDartDeferredLibrary(int,java.lang.String[])
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface getSurface()
androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState: androidx.camera.core.CameraX$InternalInitState[] values()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: android.util.DisplayMetrics getRearDisplayMetrics()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CrashWhenTakingPhotoWithAutoFlashAEModeQuirk: CrashWhenTakingPhotoWithAutoFlashAEModeQuirk()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void runBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getAdjustedDefault()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle getLifecycle()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void disableFenceForTest()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: AccessibilityViewEmbedder(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getResId(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void endRearDisplaySession()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void onImage(android.media.ImageReader,android.media.Image)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchSemanticsAction(long,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String getObservatoryUri()
androidx.camera.core.impl.MetadataHolderService: MetadataHolderService()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: long id()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation nativeLookupCallbackInformation(long)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix getFinalMatrix()
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation lookupCallbackInformation(long)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCodabarMinConsistentLines()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode[] values()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil: int nativeConvertAndroid420ToABGR(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,int,android.view.Surface,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpi[] values()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.AspectRatioLegacyApi21Quirk: AspectRatioLegacyApi21Quirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRunBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
androidx.tracing.TraceApi29Impl: boolean isEnabled()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRegisterImageTexture(long,long,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void registerTexture(long,io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder createBuilder(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api34Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackAnimationCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointVariantSelector(int)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void scheduleFrame()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodesTranslateBounds(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.media.ImageReader getImageReader()
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onPrepare(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zzii[] values()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider$Api21Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalMediaDirs(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpk[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setBarcodeFormats(int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCodabarMinConsistentLines(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.view.Surface getSurface()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver: AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay[] values()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setRemoteInputHistory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence[])
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api21Impl: void close(android.hardware.camera2.CameraDevice)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setLocalizationPlugin(io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode39MinConsistentLines(int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: void closeNative(long)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$502(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setWindowInfoListenerDisplayFeatures(androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: HiddenLifecycleReference(androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCamera: void onStart(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: byte[] recognizeStridedNative(long,int,int,int,byte[],com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void release()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setContextual(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture,java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.FlashTooSlowQuirk: FlashTooSlowQuirk()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void requestDartDeferredLibrary(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAutofillId(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.autofill.AutofillIdCompat)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceWindowChanged(long,android.view.Surface)
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType[] values()
androidx.camera.camera2.Camera2Config$DefaultProvider: Camera2Config$DefaultProvider()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CaptureRequestBuilder$Api23Impl: android.hardware.camera2.CaptureRequest$Builder createReprocessCaptureRequest(android.hardware.camera2.CameraDevice,android.hardware.camera2.TotalCaptureResult)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType[] values()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getEan13UpcaMinConsistentLines()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void unregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType: androidx.camera.core.impl.UseCaseConfigFactory$CaptureType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalFocusChangeListener getActiveFocusListener()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupSummary(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getLocales(android.content.res.Configuration)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: int getWidth()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onFirstFrame()
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void registerOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifierBase(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbo asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: android.view.Surface getSurface()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode93MinCodeLength(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Function: java.lang.Object apply(java.lang.Object)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileVerifier$Api33Impl: android.content.pm.PackageInfo getPackageInfo(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.Context)
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.LowMemoryQuirk: LowMemoryQuirk()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.Insets$Api29Impl: android.graphics.Insets of(int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setEan8MinConsistentLines(int)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AeState[] values()
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.ShareFileProvider: ShareFileProvider()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpw[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpv[] values()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfState[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setEnableQrAlignmentGrid(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraInternal$State[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSettingsText(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float progress(android.window.BackEvent)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifier(int)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.TextureViewIsClosedQuirk: TextureViewIsClosedQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setRefreshRateFPS(float)
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements: android.util.DisplayMetrics getWindowAreaDisplayMetrics()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse recognize(android.graphics.Bitmap,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.mlkit.dynamite.barcode.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setOutputUnrecognizedBarcodes(boolean)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void lambda$decodeImage$0(long,android.graphics.ImageDecoder,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$ImageInfo,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$Source)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.view.Surface getSurface()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat[] values()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void removeRearDisplayPresentationStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State[] values()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState valueOf(java.lang.String)
dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed: dev.steenbakker.mobile_scanner.objects.DetectionSpeed[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil: int nativeRotateYUV(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int,int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void release()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformMessageHandler(io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDestroy(long)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode93MinConsistentLines()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.CaptureSession$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativePrefetchDefaultFontManager()
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraSupportedSurfaceCombinationsQuirk: ExtraSupportedSurfaceCombinationsQuirk()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCapturePixelHDRPlusQuirk: ImageCapturePixelHDRPlusQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getMutators()
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: GeneratedPluginRegistrant()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int getWidth()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateCustomAccessibilityActions(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: boolean getCode39UseCheckDigit()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.StreamConfigurationMapCompatBaseImpl$Api23Impl: android.util.Size[] getHighResolutionOutputSizes(android.hardware.camera2.params.StreamConfigurationMap,int)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureFailure$Reason[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: int getRenderTargetHeight()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AfMode[] values()
androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError: androidx.camera.core.impl.SessionConfig$SessionError[] values()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchY(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.CaptureFailedRetryQuirk: CaptureFailedRetryQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setDeferredComponentManager(io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzho[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAllowGeneratedReplies(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setAllowSystemGeneratedContextualActions(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraSupportedOutputSizeQuirk: ExtraSupportedOutputSizeQuirk()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean getEnableQrAlignmentGrid()
com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.internal.BarcodeRegistrar: BarcodeRegistrar()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroup(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void onTrimMemory(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: double deltaMillis(long)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAuthenticationRequired(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: byte[] recognizeNative(long,int,int,byte[],com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzbv: zzbv()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void release()
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getType(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void install()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeMarkTextureFrameAvailable(long,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: boolean getCode39UseExtendedMode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeLoadDartDeferredLibrary(long,int,java.lang.String[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzep[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: int getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long id()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_common.zziv[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String getResPackage(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void release()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ZslDisablerQuirk: ZslDisablerQuirk()
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getUpceMinConsistentLines()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInit(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void removeRearDisplayStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void setCallback(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList createLocaleList(java.util.Locale[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void waitOnFence(android.media.Image)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType$Collection valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$102(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getEan8MinConsistentLines()
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil: int nativeWriteJpegToSurface(byte[],android.view.Surface)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.FlashAvailabilityBufferUnderflowQuirk: FlashAvailabilityBufferUnderflowQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifier(int)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void setCallback(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer,long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long nativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setForegroundServiceBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void detachFromGLContext()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap nativeGetBitmap(long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceDestroyed()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long performNativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzpj[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.JavaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureAttachedToNative()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void attachToNative()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.Camera2CameraImpl$InternalState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: byte[] recognizeBufferNative(long,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: long id()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void attachToGLContext(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessageResponse(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceChanged(int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void onSharedElementsReady(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority[] values()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: boolean getUseQrMobilenetV3()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Map getDataResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent,java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.core.internal.compat.quirk.IncorrectJpegMetadataQuirk: IncorrectJpegMetadataQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean shouldUpdate()
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$AwbState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions: void setEnableUseKeypointAsFinderPattern(boolean)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayPlatformView(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void pushImage(android.media.Image)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture)
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: FlutterCallbackInformation(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzff[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setTouchProcessor(io.flutter.embedding.android.AndroidTouchProcessor)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void setOnTrimMemoryListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnTrimMemoryListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void getTransformMatrix(float[])
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCamera: void onDestroy(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.PreviewOrientationIncorrectQuirk: PreviewOrientationIncorrectQuirk()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzhp[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$Api29Impl: void registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(android.app.Activity,android.app.Application$ActivityLifecycleCallbacks)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation$Callback getAnimationCallback()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void pruneImageReaderQueue()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState[] values()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Choreographer16Impl: void postFrameCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureWithFlashUnderexposureQuirk: ImageCaptureWithFlashUnderexposureQuirk()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setCode128MinConsistentLines(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions setItfMinCodeLength(int)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodeParent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ImageCaptureFlashNotFireQuirk: ImageCaptureFlashNotFireQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int getHeight()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.SmallDisplaySizeQuirk: SmallDisplaySizeQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void updateTexImage()
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.ApiCompat$Api23Impl: void onSurfacePrepared(android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession$StateCallback,android.hardware.camera2.CameraCaptureSession,android.view.Surface)
androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result: androidx.camera.core.ImageProcessingUtil$Result valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceCreated(android.view.Surface)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void unregisterTexture(long)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: void create()
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCameraRepository$LifecycleCameraRepositoryObserver: void onStart(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeOnVsync(long,long,long)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: com.google.photos.vision.barhopper.BarhopperProto$BarhopperResponse recognize(int,int,byte[],com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase[] values()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: FlutterOverlaySurface(int,android.view.Surface)
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomHeadsUpContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
com.google.mlkit.vision.barcode.bundled.internal.ThickBarcodeScannerCreator: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbl newBarcodeScanner(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode_bundled.zzbc)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api30Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmapContentUri(android.net.Uri)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState: androidx.camera.core.impl.CameraCaptureMetaData$FlashState[] values()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeImageHeaderCallback(long,int,int)
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitInitProvider: MlKitInitProvider()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode39MinCodeLength()
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: byte[] recognizeBitmapNative(long,android.graphics.Bitmap,com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.RecognitionOptions)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer,long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUnregisterTexture(long,long)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.DynamicRangeResolver$Api33Impl: androidx.camera.core.DynamicRange getRecommended10BitDynamicRange(androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.CameraCharacteristicsCompat)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackInvokedCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getCode128MinCodeLength()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean getIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType: androidx.camera.core.internal.utils.ImageUtil$CodecFailedException$FailureType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType[] values()
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException: GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
androidx.camera.lifecycle.LifecycleCamera: void onPause(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void finalize()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment: ReportFragment()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmoji(int)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.CameraNoResponseWhenEnablingFlashQuirk: CameraNoResponseWhenEnablingFlashQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onEndFrame()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: int swipeEdge(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.ProtoSyntax valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.params.DynamicRangeConversions: java.lang.Long dynamicRangeToFirstSupportedProfile(androidx.camera.core.DynamicRange,android.hardware.camera2.params.DynamicRangeProfiles)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface createOverlaySurface()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader29()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateSemantics(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[],java.nio.ByteBuffer[])
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: long id()
androidx.window.layout.util.ContextCompatHelperApi30: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat currentWindowInsets(android.content.Context)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery: TransportBackendDiscovery()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addRemoteInput(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.app.RemoteInput)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void notifyLowMemoryWarning()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.RepeatingStreamConstraintForVideoRecordingQuirk: RepeatingStreamConstraintForVideoRecordingQuirk()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState: androidx.camera.camera2.internal.ProcessingCaptureSession$ProcessorState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize: androidx.camera.core.impl.SurfaceConfig$ConfigSize valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackend create(com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.CreationContext)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColor(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader33()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSurfaceView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetViewportMetrics(long,float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: FlutterMutatorsStack()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onBeginFrame()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPointerDataPacket(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDeferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.YuvImageOnePixelShiftQuirk: YuvImageOnePixelShiftQuirk()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void copyAccessibilityFields(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_vision_barcode.zzoq[] values()
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: java.lang.String getGroup(android.app.Notification)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: void addResultsToIntent(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$Action)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateJavaAssetManager(android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase: androidx.datastore.preferences.PreferencesProto$Value$ValueCase valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void markTextureFrameAvailable(long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addExtras(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocalOnly(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType: androidx.datastore.preferences.protobuf.FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void cleanupMessageData(long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocusId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority: androidx.camera.core.impl.Config$OptionPriority[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer: void accept(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: android.graphics.Matrix getPlatformViewMatrix()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setEditChoicesBeforeSending(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void registerImageTexture(long,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceWindowChanged(android.view.Surface)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.JpegHalCorruptImageQuirk: JpegHalCorruptImageQuirk()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.compat.quirk.ExtraCroppingQuirk: ExtraCroppingQuirk()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: int getItfMinConsistentLines()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushTransform(float[])
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.BarhopperV3: BarhopperV3()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View platformViewOfNode(int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api26Impl: void setCurrentPlayTime(android.animation.AnimatorSet,long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Set getAllowedDataTypes(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Person)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo convertToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int,android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setSemanticsEnabled(boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBadgeIconType(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
com.google.android.libraries.barhopper.OnedRecognitionOptions: OnedRecognitionOptions()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements: int getWindowAreaStatus()
androidx.camera.camera2.internal.SupportedSurfaceCombination$Api23Impl: android.util.Size[] getHighResolutionOutputSizes(android.hardware.camera2.params.StreamConfigurationMap,int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onEnd(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$300(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$100(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getDefault()
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
